Importing updates (#120)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/importing.md

which you would consider to be distinct, or a new note being created although it's
already in your collection, just because you've modified its first field.

You can specify a GUID to have Anki use this instead when looking for duplicates.

> If no are found and a new note is created, it is assigned the provided GUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an existing note with the provided GUID is not found, and a new note is created with the provided GUID.
```
